we've all been told the lie that the ECB
can't do what the FED does it can't
intervene in the markets the same way
buying up toxic debt in order to support
the financial system there are more
restrictions this is now admittedly a
lie they have been doing this for years
approved under extreme
circumstances the next level has been
exposed you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to discuss how the ECB admits that
they are supporting hundreds of
Corporations and I will show you that
list so stay tuned let's begin first
with this we are going to talk about
what the ECB has done but first you need
to know what the
cspp is and that is the corporate sector
purchase program this is integral to the
success of the EU at this time it can't
go on its own so they need to print
money and they support these
corporations that's the way it works you
need to keep the shareholders happy and
they'll go about this by any means
necessary and if that means directly
giving money to these companies well
then it's just the way it is in effect
it's a
bailout technically it may not be
considered a bailout in some ways but
the way I see it it's a bail hello this
here is a fancy chart from the report
that they've provided but I'll just get
into the
nitty-gritty let me begin remember this
is directly from their own website okay
purchases under the
cspp are made in both the primary and
the secondary markets since its
Inception 15% of the Holdings have been
purchased in the primary Market we are
talking about billions of dollars going
directly to support
corporations essentially it talks about
how the fact that you know where where
this is all going I don't think it's
that critical to get into this
essentially just remember what I've
noted here is that it is in fact
integral to the health of the EU that
the ECB is printing money and
effectively bailing out
corporations let me go into this
further right here the composition of
the CPP Holdings generally mirrors that
of the cspp eligible Bond Universe cspp
Holdings stood at $92 billion as of June
2017 corresponding to 11% of the CSP uh
Bond Universe Holdings are well
Diversified in 950 security
200 issuer groups what we have here is
these different corporations which I'll
show you in a
moment they give up these debt
instruments and then companies investors
can go out on the market and buy them
they'll say okay I can buy a little bit
of debt from I'll just name a company
Bayer they go out and say that I'll give
you 2% on your
money go ahead buy this Bond we give the
money back and investor sees that as a
potential to make a little bit of yield
so they go in and they purchase it up
it's a fairly simple system however
things are a little bit different right
now because there aren't enough
investors out there to buy it all up so
what do they do well they get the
central bank to do it and there is an
infinite amount of money that can be
printed by a central bank because they
have the printing press It's All Digital
now you don't even need trees
anymore don't worry about those lumber
prices
rising because it's all digital it's
free it's free to print right well
hundreds of different companies are in
Dire Straits and they need the ECB to
print money and buy up their garbage
debt that's what's happening right
now now
look they're talking about the different
rating agencies different ratings of
these
products let me just cover this last
Point
12% of the cspp Holdings were purchased
at negative yields oh sure they were
above the deposit facility rate but it
doesn't matter they're purchased at a
negative yield that is the kind of
quality of products that they're buying
these corporations can go out there and
issue their garbage debt
toxic sick the worst of the
worst this is the leprosy of the
financial world and central banks have
to go in there and buy it all
up it is unbelievable to say the least
that the governments around the world
are still doing this today but but I've
been told I've been told countless times
from people in the alternative
from people in the
mainstream and from your average
individual
around that everything is getting better
why the hell are they printing up
billions of dollars and bailing out
corporations every single day not back
in
2010 not back in uh 2009 it's happening
today it doesn't happen geographically
all at the same amount of uh same amount
and the same timing not at all it's
completely
asynchronous but it's going on in Europe
right now and it's going through
backdoor channels uh through the Federal
Reserve Bank of Japan is doing it
China's doing it you see Switzerland
doing it I mean everybody's doing it
might as well join the club well that's
what's happening right now this though
is a little bit different in that they
are admittedly bailing out corporations
so let's get to it all right stop
renting let's get to the list I
unfortunately it was in an Excel format
so I just took a screenshot but from
this you'll get a good idea and I
purposely scroll through the list and
found one that I liked and that is Bayer
you may know
Bayer formally known as IG farbin that's
right one of the few companies that was
totally fine after the uh World War II
everything was bombed out but of course
IG farbin totally fine and you look at
BMW
Alliance you look at
Volkswagen and it goes on okay lots of
different very popular companies you may
recognize
here they're bailing out their friends
that's what's happening right now and
they're doing it publicly this is from I
think it was actually UBS which brought
this information out but it doesn't
matter it's public the information is
public it's right there in front of you
central banks are printing up money
supporting corporations there is a
collapse it is being prevented by the
central banks and it has done so at the
expense of you and I but if I say it I'm
crazy if you say it you're crazy you're
not allowed to say collapse because
everything is just fine the stock market
is continuing to go higher therefore you
and I we're crazy we're conspiracy
theorists we're bringing the market down
we are fear-mongers and congratulations
everyone you and I we're both in This
Together the truth is a lot harder to
take and I'm glad you and I are in this
together if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
remember that giving me a thumbs up
pushes these videos higher up in the
YouTube search rankings so I do
appreciate that very much and last but
not least if you found the video
informative I know you'll find my books
the money GPS and my new release global
economic collapse even more informative
you can flip through the books at Amazon
they have this look inside feature it'll
give you a few pages that you can
actually flip through so check it out
the links are in the description don't
forget to also check out the money
gps.com I've got the t-shirts on there
I've got the audio books on there for
those who are not into uh reading too
much or they don't have the timing they
want to listen to it in the car or on
their iPhone or whatever it is you can
check that out there the money gps.com
take care